# CoCoDragon-32K-EPROM-Cartridge-CC1-32KEC-0001.1
CoCoDragon-32K-EPROM-Cartridge-CC1-32KEC-0001.1 is the 32K Version of the CoCoDragon-8K-EPROM-Cartridge-CC1-8KEC-0001.1 - It is a 32K EPROM Cartridge for the Tandy Radio Shack TRS-80 Color Computer 1, 2, 3 and Dragon Data Dragon computers. This was one of the very first things that my nephew created when he was teaching himself electronics and computer design - it works, but could be better. He made and sold about 30 or so of these almost ten years ago. The design was meant to be as small as possible so as to fit entirely inside the cartridge Program Pak port and was useful for DriveWire or CoCoNet. It uses a 27256 EPROM. Updated to version 0001.1 on 5 May 2019 by “Ankle” Bob and released under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) License [https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/] - there is definitely a lot of room for improvement and “Little John” made many improved versions which will be shared as I get more time to do so. There is a github page for this project here: https://github.com/TheLittleEngineers/CoCoDragon-32K-EPROM-Cartridge-CC1-32KEC-0001.1
and an OSHpark page here: https://oshpark.com/shared_projects/mqju7EpZ

Notes: The CoCo 1, 2 and Dragon can only access the first 16K. The CoCo 3 can access the entire 32K, minus the 0xFFnn I/O and Vector page. Many other similar (but much improved) cartridges are forthcoming. There are much better designs in my possession and I intend to post them all, in no particular order.


Please note: This is derived from an original design by "Little" John Eric and/or his father "Big" John Robert (J.R.) by "Uncle" Robert Allen. It should be thoroughly scrutinized and verified prior to actual use of any kind. DISCLAIMER: The following article is provided for informational purposes only. Any attempt to modify your computer without the proper skills to do so may void your computer. Any attempt to modify your computer without unplugging it first may void you. This Information is provided "as-is" with no guarantee of fitness for any purpose, either explicit or implied. We disclaim any and all responsibility for losses incurred through the use of this information. By using this information, you are deemed to have accepted these conditions of use, and you agree NOT to sue us. CLARIFICATION: The above disclaimer states as plainly as possible that if you decide to make use of any of the information contained within this document that you do so at your own risk. Designing hardware for the CoCo (ColorComputer) and other vintage hardware is a hobby of ours and is not motivated by any desire of profits. As this is a not for profit venture, obviously we can't afford not to disclaim the use of this information.

 PLEASE NOTE: THIS VERSION HAS NOT YET BEEN TESTED. 
